now it came to pass when Rehoboam had
now it came to pass when Rehoboam had established the kingdom and had
established the kingdom and had
established the kingdom and had strengthened himself that he forsook the
strengthened himself that he forsook the
strengthened himself that he forsook the lure of the Lord and all Israel along
lure of the Lord and all Israel along
lure of the Lord and all Israel along with him and it happened in the fifth
with him and it happened in the fifth
with him and it happened in the fifth year of King Rehoboam that shishak king
year of King Rehoboam that shishak king
year of King Rehoboam that shishak king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem
of Egypt came up against Jerusalem
of Egypt came up against Jerusalem because they had transgressed against
because they had transgressed against
because they had transgressed against the Lord with twelve hundred chariots 60
the Lord with twelve hundred chariots 60
the Lord with twelve hundred chariots 60 thousand horsemen and people without
thousand horsemen and people without
thousand horsemen and people without number who came with him out of Egypt
number who came with him out of Egypt
number who came with him out of Egypt but you believe and the so came and the
but you believe and the so came and the
but you believe and the so came and the ethiopian and he took the fortified
ethiopian and he took the fortified
ethiopian and he took the fortified cities of Judah and came to Jerusalem
cities of Judah and came to Jerusalem
cities of Judah and came to Jerusalem then she mayor the Prophet came to Rio
then she mayor the Prophet came to Rio
then she mayor the Prophet came to Rio Bern and the leaders of Judah who were
Bern and the leaders of Judah who were
Bern and the leaders of Judah who were gathered together in Jerusalem because
gathered together in Jerusalem because
gathered together in Jerusalem because of Shashank and said to them thus says
of Shashank and said to them thus says
of Shashank and said to them thus says the Lord you have forsaken me and
the Lord you have forsaken me and
the Lord you have forsaken me and therefore I also have left you in the
therefore I also have left you in the
therefore I also have left you in the hand of shy Shen
hand of shy Shen
hand of shy Shen so the leaders of Israel and the king
so the leaders of Israel and the king
so the leaders of Israel and the king humbled themselves the Lord is righteous
humbled themselves the Lord is righteous
humbled themselves the Lord is righteous now when the Lord saw her they humbled
now when the Lord saw her they humbled
now when the Lord saw her they humbled themselves the word of the Lord came to
themselves the word of the Lord came to
themselves the word of the Lord came to shamea
shamea
shamea they have humbled themselves therefore I
they have humbled themselves therefore I
they have humbled themselves therefore I will not destroy them but I will grant
will not destroy them but I will grant
will not destroy them but I will grant them some deliverance my wrath shall not
them some deliverance my wrath shall not
them some deliverance my wrath shall not be poured out on Jerusalem by the hand
be poured out on Jerusalem by the hand
be poured out on Jerusalem by the hand of Shia Shak
of Shia Shak
of Shia Shak nevertheless they will be his servants
nevertheless they will be his servants
nevertheless they will be his servants that they may distinguish my service
that they may distinguish my service
that they may distinguish my service from the service of the kingdoms of the
from the service of the kingdoms of the
from the service of the kingdoms of the nations
nations
nations so sure Shack king of Egypt came up
so sure Shack king of Egypt came up
so sure Shack king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem and took away the
against Jerusalem and took away the
against Jerusalem and took away the treasures of the house of the Lord and
treasures of the house of the Lord and
treasures of the house of the Lord and the treasures of the Kings house he took
the treasures of the Kings house he took
the treasures of the Kings house he took everything he also carried away the gold
everything he also carried away the gold
everything he also carried away the gold shields which Solomon had made then King
shields which Solomon had made then King
shields which Solomon had made then King Rehoboam made bronze shields in their
Rehoboam made bronze shields in their
Rehoboam made bronze shields in their place and committed them to the hands of
place and committed them to the hands of
place and committed them to the hands of the captains of the guard who guarded
the captains of the guard who guarded
the captains of the guard who guarded the doorway of the king's house and
the doorway of the king's house and
the doorway of the king's house and whenever the King entered the house of
whenever the King entered the house of
whenever the King entered the house of the Lord the guard would go and bring
the Lord the guard would go and bring
the Lord the guard would go and bring them out then they would take them back
them out then they would take them back
them out then they would take them back into the garden when he humbled himself
into the garden when he humbled himself
into the garden when he humbled himself the wrath of the Lord turned from him so
the wrath of the Lord turned from him so
the wrath of the Lord turned from him so as not to destroy him completely and
as not to destroy him completely and
as not to destroy him completely and things also went well in Judah thus King
things also went well in Judah thus King
things also went well in Judah thus King Rehoboam strengthened himself in
Rehoboam strengthened himself in
Rehoboam strengthened himself in Jerusalem and reigned now Rehoboam was
Jerusalem and reigned now Rehoboam was
Jerusalem and reigned now Rehoboam was 41 years old when he became King and he
41 years old when he became King and he
41 years old when he became King and he reigned 17 years in Jerusalem the city
reigned 17 years in Jerusalem the city
reigned 17 years in Jerusalem the city which the Lord had chosen out of all the
which the Lord had chosen out of all the
which the Lord had chosen out of all the tribes of Israel to put his name there
tribes of Israel to put his name there
tribes of Israel to put his name there his mother's name was Nana an ammonite
his mother's name was Nana an ammonite
his mother's name was Nana an ammonite hiss and he did evil because he did not
hiss and he did evil because he did not
hiss and he did evil because he did not prepare his heart to seek the Lord the
prepare his heart to seek the Lord the
prepare his heart to seek the Lord the axe of Rehoboam first and last are they
axe of Rehoboam first and last are they
axe of Rehoboam first and last are they not written in the book of shamaya
not written in the book of shamaya
not written in the book of shamaya the Prophet and of Edo the seer
the Prophet and of Edo the seer
the Prophet and of Edo the seer concerning genealogies and there were
concerning genealogies and there were
concerning genealogies and there were wars between Rehoboam and Jeroboam all
wars between Rehoboam and Jeroboam all
wars between Rehoboam and Jeroboam all their days so rehabilitate in the City
their days so rehabilitate in the City
their days so rehabilitate in the City of David
of David
of David then Abijah his son reigned in his place
then Abijah his son reigned in his place
then Abijah his son reigned in his place [Music]